[DX-1867] Update cloud 1.26.md (#6079)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/release-notes/cloud.md

### Breaking Changes

There are no breaking changes in this release.

### Downloads
- [latest version of Mserv](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/mserv/releases/latest)

### Deprecations

There are no deprecations in this release.

### Changelog {#Changelog-v1.26.0}

#### Added

<ul>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Enable/Disable Audit Logging for Control Plane Deployments</summary>

Tyk Cloud now allows users to enable or disable audit logging for their Control Plane (CP) deployments through the UI or API, providing greater flexibility in managing compliance and storage costs. This update ensures that audit logs are only collected when needed, helping organizations optimize their logging strategies while maintaining security and compliance.
</details>
</li>  

<li>
<details>
<summary>Audit Log Storage Entitlement for Tyk Cloud</summary>

> Tyk Cloud now enforces audit log storage quotas based on entitlements, allowing admins to control database usage and manage costs effectively. Similar to analytics storage, a size cap is applied to audit logs in MongoDB, ensuring organizations only store data within their allocated limit.

Reviewer: What is an entitlement?

For a comprehensive list of changes, please refer to the detailed [changelog]({{< ref "#Changelog-v1.26.0" >}}) below.

### Breaking Changes

There are no breaking changes in this release.

### Downloads
- [latest version of Mserv](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/mserv/releases/latest)

### Deprecations

There are no deprecations in this release.

### Changelog {#Changelog-v1.26.0}

#### Added

<ul>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Enable/Disable Audit Logging for Control Plane Deployments</summary>

Tyk Cloud allows users to enable or disable audit logging for their [Control Plane]({{< ref "api-management/mdcb#data-plane" >}}) (CP) deployments through the UI or API, providing greater flexibility in managing compliance and storage costs.
</details>
</li>  

<li>
<details>

> <summary>Audit Log Storage Entitlement for Tyk Cloud</summary>

Reviewer 2: Not sure this needs a separate item? It's a part of the audit logging functionality.

> Tyk Cloud now enforces audit log storage quotas based on entitlements (a storage quota limit assigned to organization based on their subscription), allowing admins to control database usage and manage costs effectively. Similar to analytics storage, a size cap is applied to audit logs in MongoDB, ensuring organizations only store data within their allocated limit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tyk Cloud now enforces audit log storage quotas based on contractual terms (a storage quota limit assigned to organization based on their subscription), allowing customers to manage costs effectively. Similar to analytics storage, a size cap is applied to audit logs, dropping oldest logs to fit the new ones within the quota.

```

</details>
</li>

<li>
<details>
<summary>Enhanced Onboarding Experience for Trial Users</summary>

Tyk Cloud now enables the onboarding wizard by default for trial users, providing a guided Quick Start experience in Tyk 5.8.0.

</details>
</li>

<li>
<details>
<summary>Stability Improvements When Deploying Control Planes</summary>

Tyk Cloud now features enhanced stability for Control Plane deployments, even in cases of license server issues.

</details>
</li>
  
</ul>

#### Fixed

<ul>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Protecting Go Plugin Functionality by Isolating MServ API Definitions</summary>

> Tyk Cloud now moves MServ API definitions to a separate organization, preventing users from accidentally modifying or deleting them. Previously, these definitions were stored within the customer’s Tyk Dashboard deployment, posing the risk of breaking Go plugin functionality. With this update, Go plugins remain fully operational while deployments become more secure and error-proof.

Reviewer 2: Please add that this applies to new deployments only, existing deployments with plugins enabled will be gradually migrated in the future to avoid unexpected service disruption.

</details>
</li>    

<li>
<details>
<summary>Enforce 'Only Registered Users' Flag for SSO in Tyk Cloud</summary>

Tyk Cloud now correctly enforces the 'Only Registered Users' flag for SSO (Google SSO, KeyCloak), preventing the creation of unregistered users via just-in-time provisioning. Previously, users without a corresponding local entry could still be created even when this setting was enabled.

</details>
</li>    

<li>
<details>
<summary>Incorrect Display of Custom Domain Field in EDP</summary>

Tyk Cloud now correctly hides the custom domain field in the Enterprise Developer Portal (EDP) edit page when the custom domain entitlement is not enabled. Previously, the field was visible even for organizations without access to this feature, causing confusion.

</details>
</li> 

<li>
<details>
<summary>Improved Kubernetes Probes for Control Plane Deployments with SSO</summary>

> Tyk Cloud now ensures more reliable Kubernetes health checks for Control Plane deployments when SSO is configured.

Reviewer 2: Kubernetes is an irrelevant detail here.
